##SSUI Web Lab 2014#Project 1: 2048Due: Thursday, September 19, 2013 by 10:30 am##GoalThe goal of this project is to make a game similar to the game “[2048](http://gabrielecirulli.github.io/2048/).”##Files ProvidedThe following files are available here:
- [p1.js](p1.js): JavaScript file that you will need to edit. Some skeleton code is provided for guidance, however you may implement this differently if you’d like.- [p1.html](p1.html): html file that will display your puzzle. NOTE: you MAY and SHOULD change this file if you want to make your puzzle look good.# TODO dan pick up here##Project OverviewFor this project you will create a sliding block puzzle game similar to the popular game “2048” using JavaScript. Your JavaScript app should do the following:1.	Make a grid of tiles, each of which shows a separate portion of an image. One tile from this grid should be missing. Your code should be written so that you can easily change the number of rows and columns in the grid (you may assume at least 2 rows/columns), as well as the entire width and height of the actual puzzle. These constants are provided for you in the JavaScript file; do not remove them.2.	Shuffle up the grid of tiles. Make sure that your shuffling results in a solvable puzzle state (hint: think of how you would shuffle a real puzzle like this).3.	If a valid tile is clicked, it should move to the empty square. If the tile is invalid nothing should happen.4.	To make your puzzle a little bit more interesting, you should randomize the puzzle a bit by randomly changing the number of rows and columns that the puzzle is made up of. ##Bells and WhistlesCompleting the above 4 requirements and having well-documented code with no errors will get you 45 out of 50 points, which is an A. You must complete one of the below ‘bells and whistles’ to get full points. You can complete as many of these as you want, but you will get no more than 10 points total. Different bonuses are worth different numbers of points, based on difficulty. You may receive up to 10 points for bells and whistles, bringing you up to up to 5 extra credit points. I hope these are fun for you!1.	(2 points) Add variety by using different images in your puzzle: Make your puzzle out of a variable number of images and randomly pick an image to show in your sliding puzzle.2.	(1 points) Center your sliding block puzzle: Make your puzzle look nice by centering it in the page.3.	(5 points) Animate your tiles: When you click on a tile, instead of moving it, figure out how to get your tiles to animate to their desired location.4.	(5 points) Auto solver: Create a “solve me” button that shows the user how to solve the puzzle. Note you cannot just set the puzzle into its correct position as then the user won’t know how to actually solve it. You must wait a bit before you move each block (would go well with the animating bell). You should also create a “hint” button that gives the user a hint.5.	(up to 10 points) Make your page look awesome: Right now the sliding puzzle is just on a white page and doesn’t look very good. If you want you can design a web page to make your puzzle look very nice. I will assign a variable number of points here based on aesthetic appeal. If your page looks awesome you will get 10 points. Please make sure to include all files necessary in your turn in so I can see your puzzle correctly!6.	(10 points) Generate a puzzle from an image pulled from Flickr: You should be able to use the Flickr API to grab an image from some set and use this as your puzzle image. Here are suggestions when implementing your code:- Each tile in your puzzle should be a div. Remember, when you create divs in JavaScript you’re just creating a JavaScript object, so this means you can add extra properties and functions to help track that state of the game.- You shouldn’t need to cut up your puzzle image into a bunch of smaller images and then manually reference each image. Instead, you should take advantage of the “CSS sprite trick” (http://css-tricks.com/158-css-sprites/) to show portions of the completed image in your divs.##GradingYour assignment will be graded as follows:- Turn in is correct, code has no syntax errors: 10 pts- Tiles are correctly created and positioned: 10 pts
- Shuffling is implemented correctly: 5 pts- When tiles are clicked, they move to empty tile correctly: 10 pts- Randomizing puzzle works correctly	5 pts- Bells and whistles	5 – 10 pts- Formatting, comments, and coding style 5 ptsYou will be graded on the quality of your code and commenting. This will include factors such as modularity, sensible method and variable names, and overall clarity. You may find the [Google style guide](http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/javascriptguide.xml) useful. http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/javascriptguide.xmlhttp://particletree.com/features/successful-strategies-for-commenting-code
##Turning Your Program InThe program is due Thursday, September 18, 2014 at 10:30 am.1. Get the following files together:
    1. p1.js
    2. p1.html
    3. Any images used
    3. README.txt, which mentions any online sources you used to help with the project, as well as any notes about your programs (i.e. if you couldn’t get a particular part of the project to work)
2. Zip them together into a file named `LASTNAME_FIRSTNAME_P#.zip`. For example, `tasse_dan_p1.zip`.
3. Email that zip file to me at `dantasse@cmu.edu`. Make the Subject line start with `[ssui web p1]`. (you can send me multiple emails, I'll just take the last one.)

You will lose 3 points if your submission is not in the correct format.

##Late Policy
Each 24 hrs late (max 3) 10% will be deducted from your assignment grade.You will lose 3 points if your submission is not in the correct format.Late PolicyEach day (24 hrs) late 5% will be deducted from your assignment grade.